Improve readme (#26)
OpenTermsArchive/template-declarations: templates/README.md

These services declarations are maintained by ${instanceMaintainer} and tracked on [Open Terms Archive](https://opentermsarchive.org).

> These service declarations are consumed by the [Open Terms Archive engine](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/engine). See the Open Terms Archive [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/contrib-declarations/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to add and update services or documents.

Reviewer: It is definitely _the_ engine 😉

You can [explore the tracked versions](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/${instanceName}-versions) interactively or [download them as a dataset](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/${instanceName}-versions/releases) in the `OpenTermsArchive/${instanceName}-versions` repository.

- - -

## Scope

> The documents declared in this repository operate in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The terms tracked by this repository are those of services that operate in:
```

- industry: _____
- language: _____
- jurisdiction: _____

- - -

## Useful links

- the documentation of available [commands in the CLI](https://docs.opentermsarchive.org/#cli)

> - guidelines to learn how to [declare](https://docs.opentermsarchive.org/guidelines/declaring/) and [target](https://docs.opentermsarchive.org/guidelines/targeting/) documents

Reviewer: I am not a big fan of the “Useful links” section, I don't find it easily discoverable. What about creating two sections: a first on how to contribute, and a second on using these declarations through the command-line? 🙂

Author: Absolutely agree, a useful links section can be a way to avoid thinking about how to structure the document. I made a proposal based on your suggestion.

These services declarations are maintained by ${instanceMaintainer} and tracked on [Open Terms Archive](https://opentermsarchive.org).

These service declarations are consumed by the [Open Terms Archive engine](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/engine). 

You can [explore the tracked versions](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/${instanceName}-versions) interactively or [download them as a dataset](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/${instanceName}-versions/releases) in the `OpenTermsArchive/${instanceName}-versions` repository.

- - -

## Scope

The terms tracked by this repository are those of services that operate in:

- industry: _____
- language: _____
- jurisdiction: _____

- - -

## Contribute

> In order to contribute to this collection, you should find useful information in the guidelines to learn how to [declare](https://docs.opentermsarchive.org/guidelines/declaring/) and [target](https://docs.opentermsarchive.org/guidelines/targeting/) documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to contribute additional terms to this collection or correct existing ones, please read the guidelines on [targeting](https://docs.opentermsarchive.org/guidelines/targeting/) and [declaring](https://docs.opentermsarchive.org/guidelines/declaring/) terms.
```

- - -

## CLI usage

> Please consult the documentation of available [commands in the CLI](https://docs.opentermsarchive.org/#cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interacting with this collection can also be done over the command line. Read the [CLI documentation](https://docs.opentermsarchive.org/#cli) for more information.
```

> Please consult the documentation of available [commands in the CLI](https://docs.opentermsarchive.org/#cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interacting with this collection can also be done over the command line. Read the [CLI documentation](https://docs.opentermsarchive.org/#cli) for more information.
```
